Hello and welcome to this art tutorial this tutorial is the fun tutorial because we did our job by finding
the optimal number of clusters thanks to the general gram and by fitting the Haria I could call clustering
algorithm to our data X and now show time we will be visualizing our clusters using the cluster plot
method.
However we will not rewrite the whole code because as you will see we make the exact same code structure
as we did for commune's.
So now what I'm going to do is I'm going to open our Kamins code and I will show you that because we
have the same code structure between Kamins and the hierarchical clustering we just need to replace
one tiny little thing to plot our five clusters attained by hierarchical clustering.
So let's go to files here then let's click on these two dots here to go back to our part 3 clustering
folder to find our Kamins clustering folder.
And in this game it's folder Let's open the Kamins or our file.
And now let's compare our Tucows for hierarchical clustering and Kamins clustering.
So in step 1 we both did exactly the same thing we imported our small data set then in step 2 we looked
for the optimal number of clusters using two different methods.
The elbow method for k means in the den program for hierarchical clustering.
Then in Step Three we fitted our algorithm to our data X and we created our vector of clusters y Kamins
in K means and why H.C. in hierarchical clustering.
And now if we look at the last step visualizing the clusters in the Kamins algorithm we can see that
the only thing in our code that is related to Kamins is a Y Kamins vector here and we have the same
vector of clusters in our hierarchical clustering code.
It's way H.C..
So basically the only thing that we have to do to plot a cluster clusters in hierarchical clustering
is to take our close plot function here with the same parameters copied and pasted in our hierarchical
clustering visualizing the clusters and then the only thing that we have to do is to replace Wiking
means by y H.C. and now it's ready let's elect our code section here execute it and voila that's our
hierarchical clustering results.
That's the end of this tutorial.
But the fun continues in the next tutorial where we'll be analyzing our results and explaining what
those clusters are.
I will also explain how you can reuse this code for any other business problem and this will conclude
our tutorials.
So I look forward to seeing you in the next tutorial.
And until then enjoyer machine learning